[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I love plants--
fact.
It's not about being
vegetarian or vegan.
It's not about that, trust me.
It's about amping
it up in your life,
and this is a
great way to do it.
A really, really
great way to-- this
will set you up throughout
the day, this dish, actually.
I call it the green
bowl of glory.
Really simple.
I've got just a steamer on
at the moment just over here,
just water's bubbling
away and it's getting
ready to take all my isms on.
So what I want to
do is I want to eat
the vegetables I like to eat.
So you might not like these
particular vegetables.
Change them, please.
But I like to have broccoli.
I think broccoli, to
me, is outstanding.
Like, truly outstanding.
It's just yummy.
It's meaty.
So I'm just going to cut
them up into florets--
bite-sized florets like this.
Really easy.
And I'm going to
have to wash these
really well because there's lots
of bugs on them, which we love.
Let's be honest.
OK.
I want those leaves as well.
So I've got some broccoli,
which is awesome.
I have some zucchini.
I love zucchini.
So I just want some
chunks of zucchini.
This is breakfast, yeah?
Crazy, right?
Who would have thought?
I've got some cabbage.
I'm just going to slice this up
really finally, this cabbage.
As fine as you can
get it because this
is going to be the raw
part of the breakfast.
Really interesting cutting
with my finger, my sore finger.
Mushrooms?
Oh yeah.
Awesome.
Thanks, honey.
Pop them in there.
My good friend
[? Marnot. ?] Thanks, mate.
[LAUGHING]
It's all natural going on here.
We don't hide any-- we're
not hiding anything from you.
So I've got some cabbage cut up.
Now, you might not like cabbage.
Have lettuce, then.
OK?
Or rocket or something
that you like to have.
This is my gig here.
This is what I like to have.
OK, so mushrooms.
Now, remember, we
never wash mushrooms.
Really important, because
what they do, they are fungi
and then they're just going to
absorb so much of the water.
So try and just use a paper
towel and just dry them over.
So I'm just going to dry--
so I'm just going to wipe
down these mushrooms,
just to get the dirt and
bits and pieces off there.
OK, that's enough.
That's all I need.
Let's pop that there.
OK, washing this other stuff.
Now, I've got some peas here.
I've got some avo there.
I've got some spinach
and some leek here.
Now, with your
leeks-- so I'm just
going to let that
wash for a minute.
With your leeks,
this is what I do.
It's kind of a really cool idea.
I just cut directly down
the center like that.
And see all the dirt in there?
So what I want to do
is I want to wash that.
That's all washed.
And I just want to get
in between those leaves.
Now, I'm going to
use the whole leek,
and I've mentioned this
many times before how
chefs, for some bizarre reason,
do that and throw that away.
It's crazy.
So I'm going to
use the whole leek.
And leek is just going to give
so much flavor to this dish.
You know, it's that light
onion with that heat
of garlic coming through--
I reckon, anyway.
It's just a subtle flavor
but can boost up any dish
and make it a taste sensation.
Leeks.
Would you believe it?
It's unbelievable.
All right, the next
thing I'm going to do
is some spinach,
which is awesome.
Beautiful baby spinach.
OK.
So what I'm going to
do is I want to arrange
this in this steamer.
Really easy.
I'm going to bring
the steamer over here
so we can do this together.
So you can have
a bamboo steamer.
It could be a clay steamer.
One of those Japanese
clay steamers are awesome.
OK, so I'm just going to
place my whole mushrooms
on this side.
And what happens when you do
this is things cook faster
than the others, and you
can pull them out as you go.
My zucchini and my broccoli
and the broccoli leaves.
Then I want my peas in here.
My peas on this side.
And then I want to put the leek
through the peas because I can.
And then I want my spinach,
which I'm just going
to spin her in half like that.
I'm just going to plunk
that there in the corner.
I'm going to put the rest of
the leek through that spinach.
And the next step
is salt and pepper.
Vital.
Building blocks of flavor.
That's boiling nicely there.
Salt and pepper.
And a little bit of olive oil.
Yes, before we steam.
It's just what I do, you know?
You don't have to.
Just a little bit, not a lot.
OK, that's it.
And my breakfast
basket is ready.
This breakfast, I
swear to you, it's
going to set you up for the day.
It's going to nourish you.
Something's going to happen to
your body throughout the day.
You're going to
feel completely--
you're not going to get those
big sugar highs or those peaks,
it's just going to bring
you really centered.
Trust me on this one.
Try it.
It's really easy.
Put the veggies you like in
there and just make it happen
and flavor that up.
And if you don't like leeks and
you want onion, put the onion.
Or put chili.
Whatever you like.
But this is just
an understanding
of how the mean green
bowl of glory can unfold.
OK, so we're going to go
straight over to the pot,
and we're going to
steam this probably for
about, I don't know,
two to four minutes.
This is boiling,
so be very careful.
Very, very careful.
Straight in like that.
Great for teenage boys to
do something like this.
My son Jayman is definitely--
this one's for you, darling,
if you get to see
this, which you will.
This is a really
good one for you
just to amp up those
greens in your day.
Really important and simple.
There's no cutting
skills or such there.
It was really, really easy.
OK, so that's going to go for
about a couple of minutes.
I'm just going to
believe that there.
The next thing is, I
want to make a dressing,
but I'm going to give Udo's oil.
Udo's oil is like, for me--
you know how they talk about
having your omega-3s, 6, and 9,
and they talk about
you get it from salmon
and you get it from nuts and
seeds and da-da, da-da, da.
This dude here, Udo's,
Dr. whatever his name is,
Udo's, I would marry
him in a heartbeat.
He's mastered
something very special
here, very, very
special in this oil.
You can get this oil anywhere
in health food stores.
So all I'm going to do is
have a splash of this, about
a tablespoon.
The recommended dose
of this, actually.
But I want to incorporate
this in my meal.
That's the thing
about supplements
and bits and pieces.
I don't want to take them
like I have to take them.
I want them to be
part of my meal.
So Udo's is definitely something
that I would recommend.
OK, I'm going to add some
vinegar to this, just a splash,
just a little.
You can add a bit of sweetener
to this, if you like.
I might add a dash of honey.
You don't have to.
And even if it's not in
the rest of [INAUDIBLE],,
I just feel like a little
bit of honey with this today.
Intuitive cooking-- you're
getting the guidelines of how
to do certain things,
but just getting there
in the now and intuitively cook.
OK, so that's
coming along nicely.
That's been about three
minutes over here.
Just going to give
this a little bit of
a mix, a little bit of
salt and pepper in there.
And I want some parsley
with my cabbage.
Cabbage is such an
amazing vegetable.
I've heard so many stories
about how cabbage juice can
cure a peptic ulcer, I think
it's called, in your stomach.
It's really amazing, yeah?
What vegetables can do.
I'll use a bit of
parsley to mix with that.
I just want that
color through there.
All right, let's put
that to the side.
Let's get that to the side.
This is done.
This has been about--
ah-- I reckon, three or
four minutes for sure.
All right.
How easy is this?
Just watch yourself.
It is hot, OK?
Just be really, really careful.
Ah, the smells of
steaming vegetables.
My mouth is watering.
So what I love to do
with food, as you've all
know, that I love to
make it look pretty.
And when I mean pretty, I like
to do it justice, you know?
Just make it look pretty.
Arrange it nicely.
It's respectful, for me, anyway.
And respectful in the way
that I feel good, too,
when I eat like this and
arrange things nicely.
This is just beautiful
and smelling so wonderful.
There's our mushrooms with
a bit of pepper on them.
Slippery little suckers.
Steaming mushrooms, hey?
Who would have thought
that you could do that?
Here is that gorgeous little
bit of pepper on that as well.
Ah, it smells so good.
My girlfriend
Courtney and I used
to have this for breakfast
a lot when we lived together
in Sydney.
We'd always do things
like this all the time.
It'd set us up for
the day, I swear.
It would just set
us up for the day.
I want to put that royal
cabbage in there like that.
Oh, my band-aid's coming undone.
OK, I want some avocado
because I have it.
I just want those
lovely avocado fats.
And I'm just going
to cut it like this
and just take that off the skin.
Do you see how
pretty this looks?
I'll set that there like that.
OK, what else do we need?
We need a little dressing.
Let's give it a bit of a stir.
Oh yeah, baby.
Just set that in like that.
Maybe a few olives
because we have them.
Yeah.
And maybe some seeds
because we have them.
See how I'm just like-- see
how I'm amping up the plant?
Look at the size of that.
It looks huge.
This will really set
you up for the day.
Really, really set
I keep saying it because
it's so important that you
see where I'm coming from.
All right.
Put that there.
Maybe a wedge of lime
because we have them.
I love these limes in Indonesia.
They have all the seeds with it.
It's just beautiful.
OK.
That to me is one of the
most nourishing, easy,
teenage-friendly--
you've got vegetarian
kids out there that
are always stuck for options.
One of the most
teenage-friendly recipes
you could ever
make for breakfast.
That to me is my
health insurance.
Your health insurance now.
It's so good.
So good.
Trust me, it is so good for you.
And you feel so different
when you eat like this.
Something happens
throughout the day.
You don't get those sugar hits--
not even those sugar hits,
it's like your body is so
alkaline through all these
amazing greens
and veggies that--
I don't know, some energy
comes about your day.
You get a lot more energy,
and you just feel different.
It's so satisfying.
And you're not
craving certain things
because everything's in there.
And the Udo's oil, oh
my god, it's amazing.
I'm just rambling now.
It's that good.
Mm.
Oh yeah.
And action.
Sorry.
[CHUCKLES]
[MAKING SILLY NOISES]
[SIGHS]
[INAUDIBLE],, I'm
warming up the body.
[CHUCKLES]
(SINGING) Oh, what a feeling.
[VOCALIZING]
(SINGING) Allelujah!
Allelujah!
Ya ya, I'm done.
[MUSIC PLAYING]